Second Aunt, how do you hit people?
What happened when I hit someone?
It makes sense for you to borrow money or not
I owe your family a difficult time first
My family borrowed 20,000 from you and didn't ask you for it?
You old thing
When did our family owe you 20,000?
Do you have an IOU?
I think they are all real relatives
I didn't let the IOU, oops.
You don't have an IOU, what the hell are you talking about?
I have a real IOU
At first, you borrowed 5,000 yuan
Now, give me 50,000
What? 5,000?
It's only been 10 times in a month
Is that still human?
I'm not human
It is also better than you who took the daughter-in-law's life-saving money
But the clogged wimp is strong
It has your mother's handprint on it
Why do you still want to default?
I can't read either
How did I know I had to pay 50,000 after borrowing 5,000?
I don't care if you can read
I have to 50,000 today anyway
One less word, I'm not done with your dad
Stop talking nonsense and pay back the money
Pay back the money quickly
Oh, come on.
Why are you bullying me like that?
Aren't we all relatives?
What happened to the relative?
The brothers have to settle the accounts clearly.
Then why are you beating people?
What happened when I hit someone?
They borrowed money and didn't pay it back
What's wrong with me?
Hey, big deal. That 50,000 bucks
I asked him to pay 1,000 less.
A slap for 1,000, right?
Stick your face out and let me slap you
I'll give you ten thousand.